The Columbia River and it's tributaries are one of the premier smallmouth bass fishing venues in the United States
The rocky shoreline, structure laden bottom and constantly changing water levels, currents and temperature provide an ideal environment for smallmouth bass
You can fish for smallmouth all year round with April through October being the best months for quality fishing
When fishing for springtime smallmouth bass, we like to use crankbaits like the Rapala X-Rap
Cast right up against the rocks and slowly reeling back out into deeper water
Give the lure a few jerks here and there, changing the retrieve speed and sometimes letting the lure sit for a few seconds, then start reeling again
The crankbaits that resemble small fish work great on the bigger springtime bass before they switch over to their summer diet of crayfish and head for deeper water
[Splash!]
It's a big one!
That is a big one folks!
[Splash!]
Alright, here we go. Second cast with the fresh grub, confidence is high.
Kind of let it sink to the bottom. The thing is, these smallmouth bass...
Look at that!
Unbelievable!
Two casts, two hits, that's unreal!
Probably the same fish...
Really hungry, nope
[Splash!]
[Splash, splash!]
That's two fish in two casts
I swear, that does not happen every day